    Thank you for seeing our websites! We are happy that you have are viewing
our project. First off, you should run
                                cd CSProject
then run
                                flask run
    A link will pop in the terminal. Click that link and it will redirect you to
the website. The homepage of the website will explain how to use the website,
but in case you need further help, continue reading.
    Homepage will just have text and pictures, describing the website and how
to use it. Homepage will also inlcude links. On the navigation bar, there are
four tabs: All, Search, Compare, About. The picture on the top right of the
navigation bar is also a link. When pressed, it will take you to the
website of Harvard SEAS. When you click the ALL tab, you will be directed to
an html that will display all the courses and their relevant information.
When you click Search, you will be taken to an html that will have forms and
boxes the user can fill out and search for. When you search something
correctly, you will be taken to an html where all the courses that you
searched for appear. The next tab, Compare, let's you compare two courses by
inputting their course IDs. When the IDs are correct, you will be taken to an
HTML that holds those two courses side by side. For both Search and Compare,
if you enter invalid data or don't input anything, you will be taken to an
error page. Finally, there is the About html, which holds more information on
the website and the creators. Furthermore, when any course is displayed on
any html, the user can click on that course to be directed to even further
information on that specific course. If you ever want to go back to the
homepage, just click on the logo on the top left of the navigation bar.
                        Thank you!